Update formatting of Prefect History timeline (#17114)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/v3/get-started/index.mdx

## Mini-history of Prefect

> **2018-2021:** Our story begins with Prefect 1.0, in which we introduced the idea that workflow orchestration should be Pythonic.

Reviewer: Prefect 1.0 was released in 2022 based on the PyPI release history. https://pypi.org/project/prefect/1.0.0/
```suggestion
**2018-2022:** Our story begins with Prefect 1.0, in which we introduced the idea that workflow orchestration should be Pythonic.
```

Reviewer 2: Yea this is a question of narrative accuracy vs. technical precision: you are right that 1.0 was released in 2022, but it was basically a stamp on the culmination of 0.x work since 2018. 

I think for the purposes of this timeline we're trying to emphasize Prefect's innovation not the specific release, so I personally vote to remove the 1.0 precision and simply say "Our story begins in 2018, when we introduced the idea that workflow orchestration should be Pythonic."

Inspired by distributed tools like Dask, and building on the experience of our founder, Jeremiah Lowin (a PMC member of Apache Airflow), we created a system based on simple Python decorators for tasks and flows.
But what made Prefect truly special was our introduction of task mapping—a feature that would later become foundational to our dynamic execution capabilities (and eventually imitated by other orchestration SDKs).

> **2022-2024:** Prefect's 2.0 release became inevitable once we recognized that real-world workflows don't always fit into neat, pre-planned DAG structures: sometimes you need to update a job definition based on runtime information, for example by skipping a branch of your workflow.

Reviewer: Prefect 2.0 was also released in 2022. https://pypi.org/project/prefect/2.0.0/

```suggestion
**2022:** Prefect's 2.0 release became inevitable once we recognized that real-world workflows don't always fit into neat, pre-planned DAG structures: sometimes you need to update a job definition based on runtime information, for example by skipping a branch of your workflow.
```

So we removed a key constraint that workflows be written explicitly as DAGs, fully embracing native Python control flow—if/else conditionals, while loops-everything that makes Python…Python.

> **2024 and beyond:** With our release of Prefect 3.0 in 2024, we fully embraced these dynamic patterns by open-sourcing our events and automations backend, allowing users to natively represent event-driven workflows and gain additional observability into their execution.

Reviewer: Prefect 3.0 was released in 2023. https://pypi.org/project/prefect/3.0.0/

```suggestion
**2023-present:** With our release of Prefect 3.0 in 2024, we fully embraced these dynamic patterns by open-sourcing our events and automations backend, allowing users to natively represent event-driven workflows and gain additional observability into their execution.
```

> **2024 and beyond:** With our release of Prefect 3.0 in 2024, we fully embraced these dynamic patterns by open-sourcing our events and automations backend, allowing users to natively represent event-driven workflows and gain additional observability into their execution.

Reviewer: Even though the release year for 3.0 is accurate, I wonder if we should say `2023-present` to avoid any gaps with the previous entry in the timeline.

```suggestion
**2023-present:** With our release of Prefect 3.0 in 2024, we fully embraced these dynamic patterns by open-sourcing our events and automations backend, allowing users to natively represent event-driven workflows and gain additional observability into their execution.
```
